### [ICLR 2023] Contrastive Audio-Visual Masked Autoencoder [🗂️](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.07839)

- 3줄 요약
  - dd

- Introduction
  - Self-supervised Learning in Audio-Visual Modality
    - Contrastive Learning (CL)
      - Learns by comparing samples. It pulls representations of paired audio and video closer, while pushing unpaired samples apart.
      - Excellent at learning the correspondence between modalities, creating a Coordinated Representation ideal for retrieval tasks.
        - coordinated representation: process unimodal signals separately, but enforce certain similarity constraints on them
    - Masked Data Modeling (MDM)
      - Learns by reconstructing missing parts. It randomly masks a large portion of the input data and tries to predict the masked content.
      - Captures rich, intra-modal details, creating a Joint Representation suitable for classification tasks that require fusion.
        - joint representation: combine the unimodal signals into the same representation space
      - 💡Single-modal Masked Auto-Encoder (MAE) achieved state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on images and audio tasks individually.

- Method
  - Preliminary
    - Data Preprocessing
      - Audio: 10-second audio waveform is converted to a sequence of 128-dimensional log Mel filterbank features
        - Split the spectrogram into 512 16x16 square patches
      - Visual: To lower the computational overhead and fit our resources, use a frame aggregation strategy.
        - Sample 10 RGB frames from each 10-second video (i.e., 1 FPS)
        - During training, randomly select one RGB frame as the input
        - During inference, average the model prediction of each frame as the video prediction
    - Model Architecture
      - Use the standard Transformer as model component
      - All encoder Transformer layers are 768-dimensional and have 12 attention heads
